#### **7.3.2**

- Bump interface number (11.0.5, 1.15.4)
- Added a new option to add elements in last position, instead of first

#### **7.3.1**

- Miscellaneous fixes

#### **7.3**

***Ny's To-Do List***

- Added support for WoW Version 11.0.2 (TWW)
- Nested categories are here! You can now add or move categories inside other categories
- Reworked drag & drop and added feedback
- Reworked the "/tdl add" command
- Polished some visuals and tooltips
- Miscellaneous fixes

***Ny's To-Do List Backup (1.1)***

- Upgraded the addon so that it can be used even when Ny's To-Do List is disabled

#### **7.2.5**

- Added support for WoW Version 11.0.0 (TWW)
- Bump interface number (1.15.3)

#### **7.2.4**

- Bump interface number (4.4.0, 1.15.2)
- The default values for the daily and weekly reset are now based on the current region, instead of being set up on EU times (note that this will only affect new users, and those who never changed the default values, as to not override their settings)

#### **7.2.3**

- Bump interface number (10.2.7)

#### **7.2.2**

- Bump interface number (10.2.6)

#### **7.2.1**

- Fixed a bug with an input field sometimes dissapearing (maybe)
- Update German localization (deDE)

#### **7.2**

- Added the possibility to paste and create any kind of hyperlink in the list. This also includes icons and colors! Works for tab, category and item names.

#### **7.1.9**

- Bump interface number (10.2.5, 1.15.0)
- Fixed a bug with auto backups not working since the new year

#### **7.1.8**

- Bump interface number (10.2.0, 3.4.3)
- Fixed an opacity bug that was generated by LibStrataFix

#### **7.1.7**

- Bump interface number (10.1.7, 3.4.2, 1.14.4)

#### **7.1.6**

- Change default daily & weekly reset hour

#### **7.1.5**

- Bump interface number for 10.1.5

#### **7.1.4**

- Added localization for French (frFR)

#### **7.1.3**

- Added addon icons in the WoW addon menu

#### **7.1.2**

- Fixed a bug with the tabs overflow list not dissapearing when we hide the list

#### **7.1.1**

- Fixed a bug due to the tutorial system that happened if we updated the addon to v7.0+ from before v6.6

#### **7.1**

Added a new addon as part of the download: Ny's To-Do List Backup

***Ny's To-Do List***

- Added a new tutorial for the backup addon
- Added a prompt before importing tabs, to ask whether we want to make a backup or not
- Added a dependency: Ny's To-Do List Backup

***Ny's To-Do List Backup (1.0)***

- Added Ny's To-Do List Backup! A backup manager for Ny's To-Do List
- This addon adds a new frame: the backup list
- You can toggle this list either by going into the addon options, or by using the "/tdlb" chat command
- The list allows you to create and restore backups whenever you want, and it also has an automatic backup section
- Backups add a layer of protection in case something goes wrong with Ny's To-Do List, but don't forget to also back up your saved variables folder from time to time!

#### **7.0**

Introducing a brand new and reworked UI!

- Updated the interface to be more in the Dragonflight theme (more in the Classic theme for classic versions)
- Added word wrapping. This means no more entry size limit! (though they will only wrap for a maximum of 3 lines)
- Added a font size option (The list's size is now independent from the font size)
- Added a new button that allows you to hide the menu, for an optimal viewing experience (in the future, this button will allow for an even more optimized viewing experience! \**wink-wink*\*)
- Reworked the way to add items to categories
- Reworked the menu (layout, buttons, completion numbers, sub-menus & moved the frame options to the addon options)
- Reworked the tooltips
- Added the current global / profile state to the list's title
- Miscellaneous improvements
- As always, please do not hesitate to post comments if there are any bugs, or if you want to provide feedback!
